1. The overarching goal of this system is to create a back end app that
1.a. captures incoming emails on a defined (configured) gmail account
1.b. captures incoming sms on a defined sms account (phone number)
1.c. transforms each one seperately into a format that can be used to query an LLM
1.d.1. Right now this is only OpenAI but future versions will access AWS Bedrock LLMs
1.e. Take the response from the LLM and package it in an attractive form
1.f. Return the formatted response to the senders email address
1.g. Store the message/response so the user can retrieve it at some future date
1.g.1. Persisting messages is configurable.  The user can decide whether to or not to persist his message history

2. Users will have to set up an account with chatterbox before allowed to use the service
2.a. For now, before we integrate the registered account capability, any incoming mail should be allowed
2.b. We need a mechanism to shut off the "any account" feature once the registration process is deployed


3. User endpoints are defined by their endpoints
3.a. Every time a user uses the system:
3.a.1. A counter should be incremented indicating a usage
3.a.2. A counter should be incremented only if the process completed successfully (a response message was received from the LLM  and forward to the user)
3.a.3. This lets us limit users to a set number of free uses before they have to register

4. Account Types
4.a. Per use: the user's card is debitted every time they use the system
4.b. Prepaid: The user purchases a certain amount of usage and that is decremented every time they use the system
4.c. Weekly:
4.c.1. As many usages as desired during a 7 day period, up to some limit that ensures we do not lose money on the account due to overly heavy usage
4.c.2. Weekly - One time pay, no recurring
4.c.3. Weekly - Recurring
4.d. Monthly:
4.d.1. As many usages as desired during a 30 day period, up to some limit that ensures we do not lose money on the account due to overly heavy usage
4.d.2. Monthly - One time pay, no recurring
4.d.3. Monthly - Recurring
4.d.3.a. After six months of recurring, they get 5 days free
4.e. Annual:
4.e.1. As many usages as desired during a 365 day period, up to some limit that ensures we do not lose money on the account due to overly heavy usage
4.e.2. Annual - One time pay, no recurring
4.e.3. Annual - Recurring
4.e.3.a. After the first year, they get one month free for every year they have been members
4.f. Daily - 
4.f.1. As many usages as desired during a 24 hour period, up to some limit that ensures we do not lose money on the account due to overly heavy usage
4.f.2. Daily - One time pay, no recurring
4.f.3. Daily - Recurring
4.f.3.a. After 7 days, they get one day free 

5. Permanent storage
5.a. Every query should create a permanent record with:
5.a.1. The icnoming email address
5.a.2. The size of the query in bytes and tokens
5.a.3. Wether it was a single request (simple prompt) or part of a dialog
5.a.4. The size of the reponse in bytes and tokens
5.b. When it was received
5.c. When it was processed
5.d. When it was mailed or messaged back to the user
5.e. What AI model was used and whether it was requested or used the default
5.e.1. This is because costs are allocated by models and we give a discount to using the default model
5.f. Every query has a costing component.  
5.f.1. The cost of the LLM (tokens, etc)
5.f.2. The infrastructure maintenance costs
5.f.3. Any other ancillary costs for the software (licences, etc).
5.f.4. The costing bucket should added to the profile of every query


6. Query descriptions:
6.a. Queries can be standalone single questions or conversations
6.b. All queries can include files of the types permissable by the LLM
6.b.1. Files included in the senders email are automatically included in the request to the LLM.
6.b.2. If a file type is rejected by the LLM the request is still made to the LLM, but the rejection is noted in the response to the sender/requestor
6.c. Standalones are single questions or prompts with no context
6.d. Conversations are ongoing dialogs with the LLM
6.d.1. Conversations can only be against a single model
6.d.2. Some models do not support conversations
6.d.3. Conversations use a guid identifier to indicate continuation of prior dialogs with the LLM
6.d.4. Accounts with persistence turned off cannot use the conversation feature
6.e. Persisted queries can be retrieved at a vastly reduced cost. 
6.e.1. If a query cost $0.08 its retrieval might only cost $0.01.

7. User profiles
7.a. Type of subscription they want (per-use, daily, weekly, monthly, annual)
7.b. User information: Name, Email, Username
7.c. Credit card info
7.d. Persist or throwaway mode
7.e. Budgets (for per-use)
7.e.1. Maximum spend per query
7.e.2. Max per day
7.e.3. Max per week
7.e.4. Max per month
7.e.5. Max per year
7.f. Each budget limit should have multiple warning/notification when the amount hits a specifc percent or amount
7.g. LLM Selection
7.g.1. Preferred provider
7.g.2. Preferred model
7.g.3. Should have a "Most recent model" option that continuously picks the most recent model available for that provider
7.g.4. Here is where it is explained that the user gets a discount if they use the default model
7.g.4.a. Here is where we tell them what the current default model is

8. Emails or SMS
8.a. Requests can be emails or SMS
8.b.2. If after the word chatterbox, a well formed GUID is next word, the system assumes this is a conversation
8.b.3. The user can place the <<<model>>> anywhere in the subject or body
8.b.3.a. The system will ascertain what provider the model belongs to
8.b.3.b. The system will use that model if it supports it
8.b.3.c. If the system does not support that model, the default model will be used
8.b.4. If anywhere in the body or the subject line, a well formed guid is embedded in <<<guidS>>>
8.b.4.a. The system will assume this is a conversationd
8.b.4.b. If the user profile allows persistence, the prior conversation will be pulled from storage and the new prompt/attachments added to it.
8.b.4.c. If no persisted conversation matches the guid, it is stripped from the email and igored by the system.  The query is still executed
8.d. Every interaction with the system is returned with a guid. 
8.d.1. If persistence is turned on, this is the unique identifier fo the conversation
8.d.2. If not-persisted, it is just a link back to billing
8.d.3. Guids are the link back to the costing system so that we can give an accounting of every query and how much we charged and why.
8.e. The body of the email, if one exists, is the query for this interaction
8.e.1. If no body exists, the email subject line, minus the word "chatterbox" and the first guid (if any) is the query/prompt for the interaction
8.e.2. If neither body nor valid subject line, the query is rejected and an email is sent.
8.e.2.a. Only one email is sent every five minutes for non-prompt emails.
8.e.2.b. The one per five minutes limit keeps people from DoS attacks and spamming.
8.e.2.c. The five minutes should be a parameter in the system, settable by the admin.
8.c. SMS/MMS Messages - FUTURE DESIGN - IGNORE UNTIL OTHERWISE
8.c.1. All SMS messages are assumed to be chatterbox messages.
8.c.2. No need for "chatterbox" to be included
8.c.3. There will be no free mode for phone endpoints.  
8.c.3.a. An endpoint must be set up in advance and paid for to be used
8.d. All mms content in a message is assumed to be a file.
8.d.1. If the content cannot be converted to an image or a usuable lLm format, itis ignored.
8.d.1.a. Even if the MMS content is ignored, the query is routed and returned to the LLM
8.c. Empty messages are charged at a rate of $0.10 a message
8.d. Messages 
